Update Flake8 settings descriptions (#255)
microsoft/vscode-flake8: README.md

# Flake8 extension for Visual Studio Code

A Visual Studio Code extension with support for the Flake8 linter. The extension ships with `flake8=6.1.0`.

> **Note**: The minimum version of Flake8 this extension supports is 5.0.0.

This extension supports all [actively supported versions](https://devguide.python.org/#status-of-python-branches) of the Python language (i.e., Python >= 3.8).

For more information on Flake8, see https://flake8.pycqa.org/

> -   This extension is supported for all  of the `python` language (i.e., python >= 3.8).

Reviewer: I don't think this line is needed as the information is covered on line 7. 
```suggestion
```

-   Minimum supported version of `flake8` is `5.0.0`.

## Usage and Features 

> The Flake8 extension provides a series of features to help your productivity while working with Python code in Visual Studio Code. Check out the [Settings section](#settings) below for more details on how to customize the extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Flake8 extension provides features to improve your productivity while working on Python code in Visual Studio Code. Check out the [Settings section](#settings) below for more details on how to customize the extension.
```

-   **Integrated Linting**: Once this extension is installed in Visual Studio Code, Flake8 is automatically executed when you open a Python file, providing immediate feedback on your code quality.
-   **Customizable Flake8 Version**: By default, this extension uses the version of Flake8 that is shipped with the extension. However, you can configure it to use a different binary installed in your environment through the `flake8.importStrategy` setting, or set it to a custom Flake8 executable through the `flake8.path` settings.
-   **Mono repo support**: If you are working with a mono repo, you can configure the extension to lint Python files in subfolders of the workspace root folder by setting the `flake8.cwd` setting to `${fileDirname}`. You can also set it to ignore/skip linting for certain files or folder paths by specifying a glob pattern to the `flake8.ignorePatterns` setting.
-   **Customizable Linting Rules**: You can customize the severity of specific Flake8 error codes through the `flake8.severity` setting.

### Disabling Flake8

You can skip linting with Flake8 for specific files or directories by setting the `flake8.ignorePatterns` setting.

> But if you wish to disable linting with Flake8 for your entire workspace or globally, you can [disable this extension](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/extension-marketplace#_disable-an-extension) in Visual Studio Code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to disable linting with Flake8 for your entire workspace or globally, you can [disable this extension](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/extension-marketplace#_disable-an-extension) in Visual Studio Code.
```
